So now we are going to start writing the code for our agent to invoke the playwright, uh, browser
tool that we have got before, um, that we discussed earlier.
So we will see how we could able to achieve that.
So essentially my idea is this I want to invoke the or use this playwright browser tool, uh, especially
to grab the, uh, the page information which my agent, uh, which my LLM cannot do unless until I
have that capability because we know that our agent, our Llms, don't have the ability to talk with
the external world to get the real time informations right.
But now we are going to see how our, uh, our LLM can get these information by extracting the page
information and give me the details that we are looking for.
We can also inquire from these information like what is the salary of Karthik for that matter?
And what is the salary of Ramesh or John for that matter?
So we can ask these questions.
We can also check what is the email address of Karthik from this page.
You can ask that so you can extract the information and then you can start querying from that particular
information.
So those things we can do and these abilities are only happening because we have got this playwright
browser utility which can grab the external page information by opening the real browser instances.
So we'll see how that we can achieve it.
So for doing that once again we're going to write the code over here.
And the code is going to look pretty much exactly the same way how we used our agent code here.
So I'm going to copy this whole agent code.
And I'm going to come all the way down here and I'm going to paste it.
And this code remains exactly the same.
The tools is going to be the tools.
Uh, the agent type is going to be the structured chat zero shot, uh, description.
But the query is not this query.
Probably.
I'm just going to say over here.
What are the links in HTTP colon double slash e app.com/employee page.
So basically I'm going to check what are the hyperlinks available in this particular page.
So there are so many hyperlinks available here.
So all these delete are hyperlinks edits or hyperlink benefits or hyperlink register login employee
details about home are all hyperlinks maybe even this one.
The web hosted hosting and Swami com is also a hyperlink.
So let's see if this guy can get me all this particular response over here and over here.
Instead of running like the agent dot run of the query before I execute it, we need to make sure that
we are going to be running this in an asynchronous mode.
Because remember this code that we have got, the tool that we have got is an asynchronous code.
So we need to run this in a run like asynchronous fashion.
And if you're going to be writing running in a synchronous way, then we need to use the await keyword.
If not, the code is not going to work.
So I'm going to say await over here.
And that's going to get the results for us.
And now let's try to run this code and see what's going to happen.
Look at that.
Now this is going to run in the asynchronous fashion and it is entering the new agent executor chain.
It's going to navigate to the browser which is this one.
And it is extracting all the hyperlinks because there is a tool for extract hyperlink.
And it is looking at all the hyperlinks over here.
Look at that employee ID.
It has got 2371489 are all hyperlinks.
And it is just printing that over here.
And please note that some link might not work directly visible to the page and could not be part of
it.
So it shows me that these are the hyperlinks available over there, which is amazing.
Now let's say I'm going to say extract the table details of the page.
Because we saw that there was some table there.
So I'm going to say extract the table, uh data from this particular page.
So now this is going to keep on uh extracting all the table details.
Look at that uh, over here and is thinking about it.
And finally, it should have printed that detail for me.
Uh, is it still doing?
Yeah, I think it has.
Did it.
Oh, look at that.
See, it has got all the details and it is printing that for me over here.
Maybe I need to just ask this question even more.
Better?
Uh, extract the table data for me in this page, uh, and print it in JSON.
So now if I do it.
Yeah, it's doing it.
Observation.
Yeah, it's doing quite a lot of different operations this time.
So if you just go back to our, uh, Lang Smith over here.
You should see a lot of calls are really happening for us over there.
There are some errors as well.
I don't know what's that, but look at that.
So.
Oh, my God, look at that.
How many calls are really happening with our agent this time?
It just keep on doing a lot of different operation there.
It's calling the, uh it's calling the chatbot Lama, and then it just keep on extracting that information,
parsing it again, parsing it again.
And finally, I think it is going to get that response for us over here, uh, as a human response.
So look at that.
Uh, okay.
There we go.
So we got this multiple action response over here.
So if I go to the text editor, uh, you should see.
But I could see here, like I got the multiple action response.
The name is Karthik.
Salary is 400.
Sorry 4000 and duration worked.
Is this.
And this is the email.
You see that it's all in JSON format right now.
And it just keep on printing that value for me over here.
And then it is getting that response.
And finally, it also failed in a JSON decode error for some reason, because maybe the the data has
got something which the JSON parser couldn't able to parse it for some reason.
And that's the reason why this is failing.
But never mind, you still saw that the the response was all just coming through from this particular
page.
And, and let's say now if I wanted to uh, now let's say if I wanted to do extract the table data from
this particular page, uh, and check and get me the salary average for all the employees.
I'm just going to ask this question.
I never asked it before, but let's see if it could able to do that.
Um, so let's see, what is it doing.
So it's extracting it.
And now hopefully it could able to get the average salary of all the employees in this particular list.
And most importantly, you will notice that all these are all happening from our local large language
model over here.
And this could cost your machine's performance hit as well because this could be slower if you have
a slower machine, and if you have a faster machine, this execution will be even more faster.
It is not that slow that you are seeing in my machine.
Look at that.
So it gets an observation here.
The index 4000 is a salary.
So for all the salaries it has got over there and still it is trying to process because the final oh
there we go.
The final answer the average salary of the employee is 2022.
Uh .22.
So this is the average approximate salary of all the employees in this particular company over here,
which is very bad because you see that there are some 200 salary as well.
That's the reason why the average has reduced tremendously.
But yeah, now we could able to get this information from the agent over here.
And this is all happening because of the the access of the external browser capability that we have
got.
And we get these information out from here.
Everything is happening within our local large language model where it does the execution.
I'm just curious, what if we change the model over here and then try to run that?
I will let you to do it.
Just try to use a better model like llama 3.3 or 3 dot two model, which has the tooling support, and
try to run this and see how the performance is and how better response that you get it from there,
so that you will notice that the things will be better if you use these kinds of latest large language
model.
So that's about how you use the external tools along with agents, and you get the responses for your
web page extraction.